## Policy

### User agreement

Please read these terms and use our site only if you agree to them. These
terms may change. When the changes are important, we will put a notice in the
NEWS section of the support site. If you continue to use the site after the
changes are made, you agree to the changes. The information on this site comes
from many sources, and may not be accurate or appropriate for your situation.
Content posted by you remains under your ownership. You are responsible for
any content you upload to our site. We have the right to terminate accounts at
any time. Please participate with scientific integrity. We make no guarantees
about this site or the content available here. We are not responsible for the
content on this site, your use of the site, or the conduct of others on the
site. Please read our privacy policy.

### Privacy policy

This site is part of the Bioconductor project for the statistical analysis and
comprehension of high-throughput genomic data. The site collects name and
email addresses of each subscriber, as well as questions and answers posted by
the subscriber. The data is not shared by third parties. Data is used solely
to administer the support site. The data are stored for the duration of the
site existence. Subscribers may remove or update personal identifying
information from their profile at any time. Concerns can be addressed to
webmaster at bioconductor.org.

### Cookies

The site will set session cookies whenever you visit the site. If you do not
intend to ever log in, you may deny this cookie, but you cannot log in without
it.  Cookies may be also set when you log in, to be able to display new posts
and messages that you may have received. Cookies may also be set by Google or
other companies that help us aggregate visitor statistics, traffic and other
information.

